if you like this video even one percent
smash like button and please help us to
grow more
the nola holmes is the youngest sibling
in the famous holmes family
she is a freewheeling strong-willed and
boundary-pushing young woman
she is extremely intelligent observant
and insightful
and she defies the social norms for
women of the time
her mother eudaria has taught her
everything from chess to jiu-jitsu
her mother also made her read every book
in ferndell hall
their home and was a big fan of word
games
on the day of her 16th birthday enola
awakens to find her mother has
disappeared
leaving only some birthday gifts
one day anola meets her brothers mycroft
and sherlock
but they fail to recognize her at first
not having seen her in many years
sherlock finds her to be an intelligent
girl whereas mycroft finds her
troublesome as her legal guardian
mycroft intends to send her away to a
finishing school run by the stern miss
harrison
canola finds clues and money left by her
mother and escapes
disguised as a boy
also she saw something fishy on this
train
then morning her brother saw anora
escaped
on the train she finds the young vike
count yookesberry hidden in a travel bag
she thinks he is a fool but warns him
that the man in a brown bowler hat
named linthorn is on the train searching
for him she that she saved him from that
man was going to kill tewksbury to
escape enola and tewksbury jump off the
train together and flee to london
where they part ways disguised as a
proper victorian lady she continues to
trace her mother
and leaves cryptic messages in the
newspaper personal advertisements for
eudaria to find
as anola continues to search for her
mother linthorn tries to kill her but
she manages to set off explosives and
escape
she decides that instead of continuing
to search for her mother
she must first find tewksbury again to
save him because he can't defend himself
mycroft has employed inspector lestrade
of scotland yard to track anola down
meanwhile enola warns tewksbury and
helps him escape but is caught by
lestrade and mike
imprisons her in miss harrison's
finishing school sherlock visits her and
admits he is impressed by her detective
work
tewksbury sneaks into the school hidden
in a wicker basket and they escape
together
stealing miss harrison's motor car
they reach a fork in the road and rather
than returning to london
enola decides they must go to
tewksbury's home and face his uncle
who she has deduced was trying to kill
him
the house is seemingly deserted and
linthorne attempts to shoot them but
they managed to overcome him
[Music]
tewksbury's grandmother is revealed as
the real villain she had his father
killed and attempted to kill tewksbury
not wanting him to take his father's
place in the house of lords and vote for
the reform bill
the next day he attends the vote for the
reform act and casts the deciding vote
the act passes he and anola exchange
lovesick glances with each other in part
ways
vowing to see each other again sherlock
arrives at scotland yard
and lestrade asks him two questions
firstly how he managed to solve the case
and secondly how his sister solved it
first
binola deciphers a message she finds in
the newspaper but deduces it was sent
not by her mother but by sherlock
at the meeting point sherlock and mike
croft eventually give up
while anola disguised as a news boy
watches
the nola leaves an old toy for sherlock
to find and despite knowing enola was
there
he chooses not to look for her enola
returns home to find a surprise waiting
for her
not sherlock or mycroft but her mother
in the very flesh
eudaria confesses to her involvement in
the women's suffrage movement
and reveals that enola beat her to her
own goal
mother and daughter rejoice in their
reunion but not for long
eudaria has to conceal her identity and
go underground
leaving enola to her own devices binola
understands her mother's compulsion
and vows to send her arises coded
messages should the need arise
after her mother departs inola affirms
her empowerment and cycles away to glory